\# Machine Learning Project

\#\# Description

This project focuses on image processing using Machine Learning, where
we will utilize models and algorithms to perform tasks such as
classification, recognition, and automated image processing. The project
will help you understand and apply Machine Learning techniques in the
field of image processing, thereby creating interesting real-world
applications.

\#\# Installation and Requirements

- Operating System: Windows, macOS, Linux

- Programming Language: Python 3.7 or higher

- Required Packages: scikit-learn, TensorFlow, numpy, pandas

1\. Clone the project from the GitHub repository:

\`\`\`bash

git clone https://github.com/minhvn214919/Machine-Learning-project.git

\`\`\`

2\. Navigate to the project directory:

\`\`\`bash

cd Machine-Learning-project

\`\`\`

3\. Install the necessary dependencies:

- TensorFlow:

\`\`\`bash

pip install tensorflow

\`\`\`

- NumPy:

\`\`\`bash

pip install numpy

\`\`\`

- Matplotlib:

\`\`\`bash

pip install matplotlib

\`\`\`

- TensorFlow Datasets:

\`\`\`bash

pip install tensorflow-datasets

\`\`\`

- scikit-learn:

\`\`\`bash

pip install scikit-learn

\`\`\`

- pandas:

\`\`\`bash

pip install pandas

\`\`\`

Make sure you have installed and updated these dependencies to ensure
that your development environment meets all the requirements for the
image processing Machine Learning project.

\#\# Problems and Examples

The project includes real-world examples and problems in Machine
Learning, such as:

1\. Image classification using CNN Model:

- Description: This project uses a CNN (Convolutional Neural Network)
model for image classification.

- File: CNN\_Model.py

2\. Image classification using InceptionV3\_PT model:

- Description: This project uses a pre-trained InceptionV3 model for
image classification.

- File: InceptionV3\_PT.py

3\. Image classification using VGG16\_PT model:

- Description: This project uses a pre-trained VGG16 model for image
classification.

- File: VGG16\_PT.py

4\. Image classification using VGG19\_PT model:

- Description: This project uses a pre-trained VGG19 model for image
classification.

- File: VGG19\_PT.py

5\. Custom CNN\_Model\_2 class:

- Description: This project uses a custom CNN model with a special
structure for image classification.

- File: CNN\_Model\_2.py

The project also includes the following files and directories:

- /Pycache: This is an automatically generated directory created by the
Python interpreter to store compiled cache files.

- /Models: Contains trained and stored Machine Learning models.

- /main.ipynb: This file is used to run code sections, present results,
and create explanatory documentation for the project.

- /parameter.py: This file contains parameters and configurations for
the project. Through this file, you can define values such as image
size, dropout rate, learning rate, or other parameters related to the
Machine Learning model.

- /result\_imagenette.txt: This file contains the evaluation results or
performance metrics of the model on the imagenette dataset. It includes
information about accuracy, loss, or other relevant metrics.

- /test.py: This file contains source code to test or experiment with
different parts of the project. It includes functions or code to
validate the correctness of the model, functions, or other components in
the project.

- /README.md: The README file for the project.

\#\# How to Run

1\. Update the parameters in the \`parameter.py\` file to match the
requirements of your project.

2\. Run the \`main.py\` file to perform the following steps:

- Load data from \`tfds.load()\`.

- Prepare training and validation data.

- Build and train the model with the training data.

- Evaluate the model with the validation data.

- Save the model and export the evaluation results.

\`\`\`bash

python main.py

\`\`\`

3\. After running, the training and evaluation results will be saved in
the \`result\_imagenette.txt\` file, and the accuracy plot for training
and validation will be saved in the \`plot.png\` file.

\#\# Conclusion

The Machine Learning Image Processing project focuses on utilizing
models and algorithms in Machine Learning to perform automated image
processing tasks. Through this project, you will have the opportunity to
explore and apply Machine Learning techniques in the field of image
processing, thereby creating interesting real-world applications.

The project includes various tasks such as image classification using
the CNN model, image classification using the InceptionV3\_PT model,
image classification using the VGG16\_PT model, and image classification
using the VGG19\_PT model. Each task utilizes a different model to
recognize and classify objects in images.

This project will help you gain a solid understanding of image
processing using Machine Learning, from building models, training,
evaluating, to deploying them for practical applications. By following
the provided examples and solving the given problems, you will enhance
your skills in image processing and Machine Learning.
